right:
A special counsel appointed in President Donald Trump’s administration issued a highly critical report on how the FBI handled allegations linking Mr. Trump to Russia in 2016, ending four years of work Monday after having lost the two criminal cases he took to trial.

In his 306-page report, John Durham, the former top federal prosecutor in Connecticut, repeated prior criticisms faulting the Federal Bureau of Investigation on a number of points.

He said the bureau swiftly pursued a vague tip about potential contacts between a Trump campaign aide and Russia authorities in...


left:
A special prosecutor found that the FBI rushed into its investigation of ties between Russia and Donald Trump’s 2016 campaign and relied too much on raw and unconfirmed intelligence as he concluded a four-year probe that fell far short of the former president’s prediction that the “crime of the century” would be uncovered.

The report Monday from special counsel John Durham represents the long-awaited culmination of an investigation that Trump and allies had claimed would expose massive wrongdoing by law enforcement and intelligence officials. Instead, Durham’s investigation delivered underwhelming results, with prosecutors securing a guilty...


center:
Credit card balances are up almost 20% from a year ago, according to a separate quarterly credit industry insights report from TransUnion.

The average balance rose to $5,733 over that same period, TransUnion found.

“As inflation rose to near 40-year-high levels, many consumers have used credit to help manage their budgets, leading to record- or near-record high balances,” said Michele Raneri, TransUnion’s vice president of U.S. research and consulting.

“Unfortunately, credit card debt is likely only to keep rising in the near future,” said Matt Schulz, chief credit analyst at LendingTree.

On the heels of another rate hike earlier this month by the Federal Reserve, the average credit card rate is now more than 20% on average, an all-time high.

Sky-high APRs make credit cards one of the most expensive ways to borrow money from month to month and yet, many Americans continue to take on ever-increasing amounts of debt. While balances are higher, nearly half of credit card holders carry credit card debt from month to month, according to a separate Bankrate report.

However, there are some strategies to help pay down high-interest credit cards once and for all. Here’s what experts recommend:

Five ways to tackle high-interest credit card debt
1. Reassess your spending. Most experts recommend starting with a basic budget. “The truth is that you cannot make a meaningful plan to tackle debt if you don’t know exactly how much money is coming in and going out of your household each month,” Schulz said.

“You may not like what you see, but it is better to deal with the reality of the situation than to bury your head in the sand.”